Li Xuan, I warn you not to mess around
Go do what you have to do
The sky is falling, I have the top
doctor
108,000 to go
Hack into my Li family's police department
Bailou'an wind speed emergency channel
In order to seize my family's property and status
Is this done clearly?
And not only that.
I remember clearly
The moment my parents opened the promotion channel
The panic and despair of being hacked to death
I remember more clearly
We sister and brother
How to spend two days and two nights in the trash can
To survive
But we survived.
My sister was arrested and tortured to death
The younger brother is also missing
I never thought I had a family
Marry this person
It's just swallows.
It's just a trick of a few rich families to hide people's eyes and ears
But I heard that
You have not had a good time in the Chen family these years
intention
Tell me how you want to die
Li Xuan before today
We're still a family.
Can you bear to be so heartless to us?
You hurt my son like this
I didn't say anything.
Let's even it out, okay?
Is your heart made of iron?
Maybe he didn't say anything.
Still haven't had time to say anything
Tell me
What do you want?